course IP
course POO
course AM I
course AM II
course Fancy course name
course Karaoke 101
course Extreme Mooshaking
professor Injun Joe
student 23234 Sid Sawyer
student 10730 Amy Lawrence
student 3254 Mary
student 9983 Muff Potter
student 12435 Alfred Temple
student 32424 Injun Joe
professor Aunt Polly
professor Mr. Walters
professor Judge Thatcher
professor Jim
professor Mr. Sprague
professor Mr. Jones
assign Mr. Walters
POO
professor Mr. Dobbins
professor Alfred Temple
professor Mary
assign Aunt Polly
POO
student 12334 Tom Sawyer
student 13242 Becky Thatcher
student 3243 Huckleberry Finn
student 23143 Joe Harper
assign Mr. Walters
POO
assign Spiderman
IP
assign Catwoman
POO
assign
POO
assign Karaoke 101
Mr. Walters
assign Aunt Polly
Extreme Mooshaking
assign Santa Klaus
IP
assign Mr. Walters
Parachuting
assign Injun Joe
IP
assign Mr. Dobbins
IP
assign Mr.Jones
Extreme Mooshaking
assign Mr. Sprague
POO
assign Mr. Walters
Karaoke 101
assign Judge Thatcher
Karaoke 101
assign Judge Thatcher
AM I
assign Mr. Jones
IP
roster POO
roster Karaoke 101
roster Extreme Mooshaking
roster IP
roster AM I
enrol -1 POO
enrol 0 POO
enrol 2 POO
Tom Sawyer
Joe Harper
enrol 2 POO
Tom Sawyer
Huckleberry Finn
enrol 3 POO
Tom Sawyer
Huckleberry Finn
Amy Lawrence
enrol 3 IP
Tom Sawyer
Huckleberry Finn
Amy Lawrence
enrol 3 ADA
Tom Sawyer
Huckleberry Finn
Amy Lawrence
enrol 1 IP
Superman
enrol 3 POO
Joe Harper
Sid Sawyer
Mary
enrol 6 IP
Muff Potter
Alfred Temple
Ben Rogers
Joe Harper
Sid Sawyer
Mary
student 22222 Charles Chaplin
student 11111 Audrey Hepburn
student 33333 Marlon Brando
student 44444 Marilyn Monroe
enrol 5 Karaoke 101
Charles Chaplin
Marilyn Monroe
Huckleberry Finn
Amy Lawrence
Tom Sawyer
enrol 4 AM I
Audrey Hepburn
Marlon Brando
Muff Potter
Alfred Temple
people
courses
exit
